WIP: Create moveit_grasps tutorial (#1)
PickNikRobotics/moveit_tutorials: doc/moveit_grasps/moveit_grasps_tutorial.rst

MoveIt! Grasps

> =======================

Reviewer: Make = same width as title (i think this is required?)

Reviewer 2: Not required

Reviewer: ack

> MoveIt! Grasps is a grasp generator for objects such as blocks or cylinders for use with the MoveIt! pick and place pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MoveIt! Grasps is a grasp generator for objects such as blocks or cylinders for use with the MoveIt! pick and place pipeline. It also contains its own components for filtering grasps based on reachability and approach/retreat motions.
```

> The grasp generation algorithm is based on shapes and kinematics and does not consider friction cones or other dynamics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The grasp generation algorithm is based on simple cuboid shapes and does not consider friction cones or other grasp dynamics.
```

> Its current implementation takes as input a pose vector (postition and orientation) and generates a large number of potential grasp approaches and directions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its current implementation takes as input a pose of a cuboid, and the cuboid's size, and generates a large number of potential grasp approaches and directions.
```

Also included is a grasp filter for removing kinematically infeasible grasps via threaded IK solvers.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PickNikRobotics/moveit_grasps/kinetic-devel/resources/demo.png

>    :width: 500pt

Reviewer: I think we could make a better screenshot, this one is old

   
Installing MoveIt! Grasps
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Ubuntu Debian
--------------

   Note: this package has not been released yet
::

>     sudo apt-get install ros-kinetic-moveit-grasps

Reviewer: remove this section

Install From Source

> --------------------

Reviewer: adapt to use franka emika workspace created by Getting Started tutorial

Clone the `moveit_grasps <https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/moveit_grasps>`_ repository into a `catkin workspace <http://wiki.ros.org/catkin/Tutorials/create_a_workspace>`_::

    git clone https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/moveit_grasps

Use the rosdep tool to automatically install its dependencies::

    rosdep install --from-paths src --ignore-src --rosdistro kinetic
    
Build the workspace::

    catkin build

Setup
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Robot-Agnostic Configuration
----------------------------

You will first need a configuration file that described your robot's end effector geometry.

> Currently an example format can be seen in this repository at `config_robot/baxter_grasp_data.yaml <https://github.com/PickNikRobotics/moveit_grasps/blob/kinetic-devel/config_robot/baxter_grasp_data.yaml>`_.

Reviewer: deadlink. its now a panda example

This is useful in applications such as bin and shelf picking where you would want to pick the objects from a bin with a grasp that is vertically alligned and you would want to pick obejects from a shelf with a grasp that is horozontally alligned.

Demo Scripts
^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are four demo scripts in this package. To view the tests, first start Rviz with::

    roslaunch moveit_grasps rviz.launch

To see the entire MoveIt! Grasps pipeline in action::

    roslaunch moveit_grasps grasp_pipeline_demo.launch

To visualize gripper specific parameters::

    roslaunch moveit_grasps grasp_poses_visualizer_demo.launch

To test just grasp generation for randomly placed blocks::

    roslaunch moveit_grasps demo_grasp_generator.launch

To test the grasp filtering::

    roslaunch moveit_grasps demo_filter.launch

Grasp Filter
------------

When filtered, the colors represent the following:

* RED - grasp filtered by ik
* PINK - grasp filtered by collision
* MAGENTA - grasp filtered by cutting plane
* YELLOW - grasp filtered by orientation
* BLUE - pregrasp filtered by ik
* CYAN - pregrasp filtered by collision
* GREEN - valid

Tested Robots
-------------

* UR5
* Jaco2

> * `Baxter <https://github.com/davetcoleman/baxter_cpp>`_

Reviewer: remove baxter link (old link)

* `REEM <http://wiki.ros.org/Robots/REEM>`_
* Panda

Example Code
------------

The most current example for using MoveIt! Grasps is the ``grasp_pipeline_demo`` which can be found `here <https://github.com/PickNikRobotics//moveit_grasps/kinetic-devel/src/grasp_pipeline_demo.cpp>`_.

There are other example implementations:

> * `baxter_pick_place <https://github.com/davetcoleman/baxter_cpp/tree/kinetic-devel/baxter_pick_place>`_

Reviewer: i'd remove these examples, they are out of date
